/* Museum Info */


Stoa of Attalos:

The Stoa of Attalos(also spelled Attalus) is a stoa (walkway/portico) which is commonly for public use.

Detailed Info
	
	The Stoa of Attalos originated in Agora of Athens, Greece. THe structure was built by and named after the King of Atalos II of Permagon who ruled between 159 BC and 138 BC. The time when it was created was considered as the "Hellenstic age" and the building incoporates a multitude of different architectural orders. The Stoa of Attalos is made up of Pentelic marble and limestone, and is at a size of 115 by 20 meters (377 by 66 ft) Originally the building was created as a gift to the city for the education that Attalos received there. However the Stoa was destroyed by the Heruli in 267, though the building was reconstructed faithfully to the original during mordern times (1952-1956) and was created by the "American School of Classical Studies at Athens". 

	Some Famous ArtWorks: 

	Statue of a Goddess (probably Aphrodite)
	Statuette of a satyr
	Bust of the Roman Emperor: Antoninus Pius

Louvre:

	The world's largest art museum and a historic monument in Paris, France.

Detailed Info
	
	The Louvre Museum is a central landmark of the city and is located on the right bank of the Seine in the cities 1st district. Approximately 38,000 artworks are on display, and covers over a surface area of 72,735 square meters. The museum is hosted in the Louvre's Palace, it was originally supposed to be built as a fortress in the late 12th to 13th century under Phillip II. As time passed, the fortress eventually lost its defensive functions due to urban expansion of the city. The generation of leaders eventually changed it to it's current state as a museum after several modifications. The museum official debuted on August 10th 1793 exhibiting 537 displays. However due to structural issues, it was closed and re-opened a few times. THe museum houses 8 curatorial departments: Egyption Antiquities, Near Eastern Antiquities, Greek, Etruscan and Roman Antiquities, Islamic Art, Sculptures, Decorative Arts, Paintings, Prints and Drawings.

	Some Famous ArtWorks:

	Mona Lisa
	Winged Victory of Samothrace 
	Michealangelo's Dying Slave

Royal Ontario Museum

	The Royal Ontario Museum(also known as ROM), is a museum of art, world culture and natural history.

Detailed Info

	The ROM is one of the largest museums in North America and considered the largest in Canada; located in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. The ROM was created on April 16th 1912 and officially debuted on March 19th 1914. ROM was originally created by the collaboration of the University of Toronto and the Ontario government, however the University of Toronto directly controlled and managed the museum until 1968, where the ownwership was transferred to the Crown Agency of the Ontario government. The building has underwent a few constructions and expansions throughout the year. 

	There are many varieties of artworks from both sides of the worlds. There are 4 types of Galleries: Natural History Gallery, World Culture Gallery, Hands-on Gallery, Institute for Contemporary Cultural Gallery. 

	Some Famous Artworks:

		Raphael's Frescoes
		Sarcophagus of the Spouses
		Mosaics in Santa Maria in Trastevere

Miyanomori Art Museum

	The Miyanomori Art Museum is the main contemporary art museum in Hokkaido; presents artwork from Japanese Art scenes and contemporary international.

Detailed Info

	The Miyanomori Art Museum is located in Sapporo, Hokkaido, Japan. It was created during the modern century in 2006. The museum houses contemporary artworks and Japanese art scenes from 1950 to 1970. There is also a collection of about 3000 photographs taken during the 1950's from several artists such as Lucio Fortana Frank Stella, and many more. In addition to the collection of photographs, the museum also has the largest amount of artwork created by Christo and Jeanne-Claude in both Asia and Oceania.

Benaki Museum

	The Benaki Museum houses Greek artworks from the prehistorial to modern times with an extensive collection of Asian art. In addition, it hosts periodic exhibitions and maintains modern techniques of restoration and conservation workshops.

Detailed Info

	The Benaki Museum was originally created in memory of Atonis Benakis's father and was established in 1930. It is located in the Benaki's family mansion in Athens, Greece. In 2000, due to satellite museums, the main museum was able to focus on Greek culture. In 1931, the Benaki's donated the family house in Athens along with their entire collection of artwork. Many more artworks were later added on. The museum also focuses on the fact that Greek history does not begin and end with specific events but rather exists along a continuum that continues today. In addition, it also focuses and celeberates the foreign influences that affect Greek culture. 

	Some Famous Artworks:

	Archangel Michael 
	Four Military Saints
	Adoration of the Magi